Add FlagGrouper (#556)
xarray-contrib/cf-xarray: doc/flags.md

da.cf.is_flag_variable
```

## GroupBy

> Flag variables, such as that above, are naturally used for GroupBy operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flag variables, such as the one above, are naturally used for GroupBy operations.
```
?
